I guys work.
In this lecture, we're going to create the castle model.
Okay, now, over this model star tree, we are going to create a new PHI.
And we are going to call this fi cut afterwards where we can just see cuts on this car, a city arrow
that is pictured Dodge Dart.
And know they're going to need to create a class and as well they're going to call this.
Katz, 80.
Arrow.
Okay, now, the first field we need is going to be the height of the products.
So you can say find a sister that says it is a type of string.
Nidhi.
Okay.
The order we need is the name of the product.
So this going to be fine?
We can just call this tie to.
Right.
And detailed we need is the quantity of the product.
That's how many products we have available.
So it is going to be finer.
And.
String Quartet.
T.
Hopefully I can spell.
Okay.
The other field we need we're just going to need to add is so we call on the other field we need is
the price or the product and the image of the product is going to be finer.
It's going to be a type of double sense.
It's going to take the test war symbol.
Okay, we can call this price and finally find a string.
Image.
Yarrow okay.
Right.
It was Earl tied to it.
Okay.
Now the next thing to do is to pass it on to the constructor.
Now, for us in our life, what you can just do is to highlight this and use control and dots like Windows
to create a constructor for right now Fields.
Okay, now we're going to make this a named constructor.
So to do that, we had this.
In over a year.
This as well.
And then we can make this not required by hard then this.
Right.
Well, we actually need this to be required.
So what we're going to do is we can see.
Required.
And.
Okay.
Great.
And now.
Okay as well.
We need to acquire this.
Quiet.
And then we can use culture and save.
Okay.
Great.
Okay, guys, see you in this picture.